Hello everyone, where is the frost and
it's time to sum up the competition
on 13 thousand subscribers was called in
okay 17 works and mostly of course
each specialized in his
the subject was and the decor was and mechanisms
there were also several other topics and all
arrangements and the whole decor was viewed
all members of the jury and some work
so liked the fact that we can not
don't say a good deal about them
is we to prove that some more
work can justify
I decided to add sixth place and awards
for 6th place we will have 50 rubles for
phone
Of course we choose to win for a long time and
because every man is good
tried everybody had the potential to
creating so on but not surely not
every job was a super duper
some common work can be said not
pulled even 3 kind of global were global
cases of theft and much more that is
we left everything in the archive of the group you
You can watch it there winners
will become only 6 people and these six
man to be chosen by us and immediately speak
have they call your name and not call you
nickname no need to be upset no need
run cry and get upset then what
didn't win
believe me guys well, not everyone can
to tell
there were certainly good work but there are people
who are you through really good
skills and how would each soil its
consolation prize
my like and my comment under video
it costs all rubles in pr status
my channel that you can count on
consolation prizes got all well
Now I will tell you on 6 winners
so the first place Fedor
the oxen and his legacy we counted this
homemade the most creative of the most
the best among all otosan
First, the quality of the video is amazing.
made at the highest level to good
The camera further is very pleased with the review.
beautifully narrated and shown shown
mechanism shown works from all
the angles are seen this is just wonderful
the work mechanism was none
stolen from any of the other reviewers
we did not find a good fellow feeder thousand rubles
you they are your second place vladislav
frosts and his suzuki grand vitara
car that can say so too
struck the jury member first again
good quality camera ie shoot
I take everything on a good camera with a good one
voice and installation immediately shows that
man tried the only one was
remark that was too earlier
upload on youtube it was still october
we wanted to accept only new ones
work
so Vladislav did not get on the first
place third place Andrei Klymenko
and his lego homemade showed he is huge
the amount of work for the same wanted
judge too much samadi about one thing
video we did not allow shows but all
no matter how we took it into account therefore Andrei
and me for the future is not too much
show off he mostly distinguished
several special homemade mainly
Of course I liked titanic photo titanic
and made almost in the original
just a great homemade
beautiful voice
only a little pumped up the camera
all homemade were just good
quality so Andrei you get
third place namely 200 rubles for your
the phone will fall in after we are with
we will contact you and 3 encouraging place I
don't want them unpacked fourth fifth
sixth place just this works which
also distinguished themselves by excellent art
inventions fourth place polina then
to draw and on her Oleg sweets in general
Polina sent us 2 videos
but one of them was off the coast and this
the conference was
of course a bit like others well
of course still pumped up the quality of the camera and
of course you can say without sounding
A bit of course boring review +
it is immediately obvious that the person tried
so we took this into account and put panin on
fourth place game in style for 15
your dollars
5th place danila blacksmiths and here's a colleague
video on saw us he showed for up
candy in another league showed you
pinball they were treated very beautiful
art that is really a man
tried to unity a little pumped up
camera candy so it was like a lot
wanted regret before him
you could not put in place
the rig but still it tried hard and
you can immediately see that you are different
good knowledge of reviews therefore
pinball conference
get a well-deserved place and for this game
the incentive is also your strength but plows on and
the place that Cyrill decided to add
verbin
and his military boat regretfully Cyril
your boat did not compare with the Titanic
which was built by andrew but all
equally the review was very good and despite
on the fact that you are on the other hand it is very
how nice and beautiful we spent to him this
decided to encourage exactly the same
place so you get 50 rubles on
your phone with but so here we are
distribution of all places is quite to
Sorry family heard it teasing
this is just a contest you nothing
lost in all skull sensations to all
personal thanks to all who participated
on was very nice screw what is here
people who can build who can
know the skills league is all very
encouragingly only want to say
far from everyone has an account with them
omit polina and danil maybe they don’t
account will be steam so in polina and
Danil if you do not have a steam account for
then we just have some money on
Webmoney further on yourself spend as you
want what do we get places with them
Mouse contact to find out the numbers
wallets
as well as learn mobile phones
This information and who will not
distributed therefore so so and
we really hope you like the type
bangla toy competition with an Armenian
Frequently all your work was left in
archive of the group and the night we hope that you
very consciously
rush to that is those who to
Unfortunately that did not win that
really something you know how to eat
people that you could get ahead
thanks for watching everyone by now
more gas - in the evening
your and thanks for your